Prompt 1:
    Create an essay about Walt Disney and his contributions to animation:
    Modifiers :     

    I: Introduction
        A: Walt Disney's life and work
        B: The creation of animation
        C: The influence of animation on society
        D: The legacy of Walt Disney
    II: Walt Disney's life and work
        A: Walt Disney was born on December 5, 1901, in Chicago, Illinois.



    I. Introduction
        A. Walt Disney was born on December 5, 1901, in Chicago, Illinois.
        B. He was an American entrepreneur, animator, voice actor, and film producer.
        C. He is best known for his work in the field of animation.
        D. He founded the

Prompt 2:
    Give me 5 pointers about Walt Disney and his contributions to animation:
    1. Walt Disney was an animation pioneer and is considered one of the most influential animators of all time.
    2. He was the creator of Mickey Mouse and many other iconic animated characters.
    3. He was a driving force behind the development of animation as an art form.
    4. He was a master of animation technique and pioneered many of the techniques used in animation today.
    5. He was a major influence on the development of animation technology and helped to make animation more accessible to the general public.

Prompt 3:
    Create an essay giving 5 pointers about Walt Disney and his contributions to animation:
    1. Walt Disney was a pioneer in animation and made many contributions to the art form.
    2. He created the first cartoon with sound, "Steamboat Willie", and also pioneered the use of color in animation.
    3. He was responsible for creating some of the most beloved animated characters of all time, including Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy.
    4. He produced some of the most popular animated films of all time, including "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Cinderella", and "The Lion King".
    5. He helped to create the Walt Disney Company, which is now one of the largest and most successful entertainment companies in the world.


Prompt 4:
    Create an essay giving 5 pointers about Walt Disney and his contributions to animation: \nI.
    I. Walt Disney was born on December 5, 1901 in Chicago, Illinois.
    II. He was one of five children and his father was a carpenter.
    III. Disney developed an interest in art at an early age and began his career as an advertising cartoonist in Kansas City.
    IV. In 1923, he moved to Hollywood and started his own animation studio, which became the Walt Disney Studios.
    V. Disney is best known for his animated features including "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937), "Pinocchio" (1940), "Fantasia" (1940), "Dumbo" (1941), and "Bambi" (1942).

Prompt 5:
    Create an essay giving 5 pointers about Walt Disney and his contributions to animation: \I:
    I: Walt Disney was born on December 5, 1901 in Chicago, Illinois.
    II: He and his brother Roy co-founded The Walt Disney Company in 1923.
    III: He is best known for creating animated films such as Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pinocchio, Fantasia, Dumbo, Bambi, and Peter Pan.
    IV: He also pioneered the development of the amusement park industry with Disneyland and Walt Disney World.
    V: Disney was honored with 22 Academy Awards and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom.



research :

Create an essay giving 5 pointers about <topic> with respect to <sub category of topic>:
eg : Create an essay giving 5 pointers about buying a house with respect to the importance of a good economy:
    gives us a direct relation between the two

Create an essay giving 5 pointers about <topic> and <sub category of topic>:
eg : Create an essay giving 5 pointers about buying a house and the importance of a good economy:
    gives us a slight corelation


Create an essay giving 5 pointers to consider before buying a house:
Create an essay giving 5 pointers to consider about the economy before buying a house:



Create an essay giving 5 pointers about <list of sub categories> and <topic>: